
    Like he knows mad languages. from sign lang to brailie to code, remember he's time he knows evthing
    past, present and future. Trump is like a coach or a rainman, when he's in theconnect. Just his presence
    + energy alone inspires ppl to do whatever is really in them. He's time to these ppl in theconnect,
    @ times they try him, they hate him, they love him when they're having fun, they remember him, they try
    to forget him, they plan with him, they try to go faster than him but always lose. All kids love him
    they're drawn to him like flys on shit b/c they been watching killtime cartoons and they see what every1
    else can't, that he's what's being represented on these killtime clips to kids. he's michael jackson born
    again, adults can't figure out why all the kids love him. when kids are around him they talk @ the highest
    intellectual level avaliable to humans. they spill thier guts in the most elegant ways possible, he gives
    them insight + confidence, and they excel from there. yo, he's santa claus + jesus 2 all kids. he loves
    kids but they also overwhelm him. but he can't resist.
    
    he doesnt really know who he is like that's his discovery of life. like everyone has 2 discover something
    central about themselfs in this life, like is singular. this time thing is it for him. that hes the
    universe's definition of spacetime. as the story devolves he evolves as the world descends, he ascends.
    but what should he choose himself of the world. there is no choice there is only what is + will be the
    next generation of time is a come just like he was the next generation of time acome.
    
    he gets a visits later in the story from his father who was past time he gets these visions as
    hallucinations/travels through time. his father if you wanna call him that puts him on in an egnimatic
    way 2 his path of self discovery. which he already knows, but needs to self-discover it. theres no
    such thing as random to him when he really realizes who he is when hes able to slow down his visions +
    perceive reality for itself everything is correct connected and full of past present and future meaning.
    he knows he's gonna die, he knows who's gonna kill him, he knows how he's gonna die, he even knows why
    he's gonna die + b/c his human form
